[AMORO-3404] Correct the description about MySQL usage (#48)
apache/amoro-site: amoro-docs/content/admin-guides/deployment.md

### Configure system database

> Amoro used `Derby` as the backend storage default, so you can use `Derby` directly without any additional configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ams uses embedded [Apache Derby](https://db.apache.org/derby/) as the backend storage by default, so you can use `Derby` directly without any additional configuration. 
```
